---
id: 58
title: What up?
date: 2010-12-15T12:56:23-05:00
author: joe jenett
excerpt: |
  <p>Howdy y'all,
  </p>
  <p>
  It's been quiet 'round here lately as I've been resting and recuperating. I've been feeling stronger every day and will shortly be leaving for my first follow-up medical appointment. Three different doctors related to my hospitalization will be seeing me in the near future, as well as a new primary care provider I've just chosen to help me more seriously manage my unique healthcare needs, which I have to admit I'd been avoiding recently.
  </p>
  <p>
  <a href="http://jenett.org/simply.personal/what_up/#more">Continue reading "What up?" &raquo;</a>
  </p>
layout: post
guid: https://simply.personal.jenett.org/2010/12/15/what-up/
permalink: /what_up/
categories:
  - personal
---
Howdy y’all, 

It’s been quiet ’round here lately as I’ve been resting and recuperating. I’ve been feeling stronger every day and will shortly be leaving for my first follow-up medical appointment. Three different doctors related to my hospitalization will be seeing me in the near future, as well as a new primary care provider I’ve just chosen to help me more seriously manage my unique healthcare needs, which I have to admit I’d been avoiding recently. 

<!--more-->

Today, it’s the attending physician, a neurosurgeon with big credentials who was overseeing my situation in the ICU on a daily basis. His students followed him on his daily visit and he is quite a character. A few days before I was discharged he came in and looked me in the eye smiling. &#8220;Heaven can wait!&#8221; He looked genuinely happy as he told me I was out of danger now and would be able to go home soon. I shook his hand really hard and thanked him. Today, I expect him to ask me how I’m feeling and I’m ready to tell him, &#8220;strong enough to kick your ass for calling me a wimp!&#8221; I’ve grown to admire him over the course of my time in the ICU and look forward to talking to him today. 

Next week, I have appointments with my new primary provider and with the neurosurgeon who performed what I consider to be a miraculous procedure that saved my life a few weeks ago &ndash; I can’t wait to thank him for doing what he does so well and for being there that day for me. 

In January, I’ll be following up with a consulting physician who also saw me daily in the hospital. He’s a neurologist who I asked to see soon to answer general questions I’m sure to have as I continue to recover. He should be helpful. 

Kim will be home soon to get me to today’s appointment. The adventure continues &ndash; thanks for stopping by...;~))